feat(benchmarks) Add LLM evaluation pipeline for general NLP challenge (#3767)
adap/flower: benchmarks/flowertune-llm/README.md

## Create a new project

As the first step, please register for a Flower account on [flower.ai/login](https://flower.ai/login).
Then, create a new Python environment and install Flower. 

> [!TIP]

> > We recommend using `pyenv` and the `virtualenv` plugin to create your environment. Other manager such as Conda would likely work to. Check the [documentation](https://flower.ai/docs/framework/how-to-install-flower.html) for alternative ways of installing Flower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We recommend using `pyenv` and the `virtualenv` plugin to create your environment. Other manager such as Conda would likely work too. Check the [documentation](https://flower.ai/docs/framework/how-to-install-flower.html) for alternative ways of installing Flower.
```

```shell
pip install flwr
```

On the new environment, create a new Flower project using the `FlowerTune` template. You will be prompted for a name to give to your project, your username, and for your choice of LLM challenge:
```shell
flwr new --framework=FlowerTune
```

The `flwr new` command will generate a directory with the following structure:

```bash
<project-name>
       ├── README.md           # <- Instructions
       ├── pyproject.toml      # <- Environment dependencies and configs
       └── <project_name>
                  ├── client_app.py   # <- Flower ClientApp build
                  ├── dataset.py      # <- Dataset and tokenizer build
                  ├── models.py       # <- Model build
                  ├── server_app.py   # <- Flower ServerApp build
                  └── strategy.py     # <- Flower strategy build
```

This can serve as the starting point for you to build up your own federated LLM fine-tuning methods.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Please note that if you intend to submit your project as an entry to the [LLM Leaderboard](https://flower.ai/benchmarks/llm-leaderboard) modifications to `[tool.flwr.app.config.static]` and `options.num-supernodes` under `[tool.flwr.federations.local-simulation]` in `pyproject.toml` are not allowed and will invalidate the submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please note that if you intend to submit your project as an entry to the [LLM Leaderboard](https://flower.ai/benchmarks/llm-leaderboard) modifications to `[tool.flwr.app.config.static]` and `[tool.flwr.federations.local-simulation]` sections in the `pyproject.toml` are not allowed and will invalidate the submission.
```
